docs(frameworks): clarify install instructions & peer dependencies for @carbon/react (#4419) (#4659)
carbon-design-system/carbon-website: src/pages/developing/frameworks/react.mdx

<Title> Using npm: </Title>

```bash

> npm install --save @carbon/react react react-dom

Reviewer: I'd wager by the time someone installs `@carbon/react` they're going to have already set up some kind of app/framework that will either install react and react-dom for them or instruct them to do so. I think the reminder note below is enough. Also they're going to get warnings about these in their console anyway if they don't have them installed for some reason.

```suggestion
npm install --save @carbon/react
```

```

<Title>
  If you prefer <a href="https://yarnpkg.com">Yarn</a>:
</Title>

```bash

> yarn add @carbon/react react react-dom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
yarn add @carbon/react
```

```

> > **Note:**  
> > `@carbon/react` requires `react` and `react-dom` as peer dependencies.  
> > Please ensure both are installed in your project to avoid errors.

Reviewer: There's more than these two https://app.unpkg.com/@carbon/react@1.87.1/files/package.json#L47

```suggestion
> **Note:**  
> Please ensure the [peerDependencies](https://github.com/search?q=repo%3Acarbon-design-system%2Fcarbon+peerDependencies+language%3AJSON+path%3Apackages%2Freact&type=code) for `@carbon/react` are installed in your project to avoid errors.
```

That GitHub url should be resilient to changes made to peerDependencies so we don't have to update this comment if peerDeps change.
